Why do you do that?
This first island
Watch me
The determination to protect Daxia's national prestige
Chen family
IV Sangong
Deeply favored by the emperor
No reward
Only do your best
With filial piety and power
Those who violate my authority will be punished
Da Xia Yama
I can't lose a little when I start a family
This second course
Show my determination to protect the Chen family
Who wants to be bad for the Chen family?
Whether it is within the Chen family
Or outside the Chen family
I am Chen Bufan
Never condone the Drug Administration
Against my will
kill kill
This third island
Not cold
Unknown
deep love
Ignorant Wish
Wish for peace
The years are quiet
severe cold
I am extraordinary
In this life, you will not marry
This desire is absolute
Just speechless